>> Sean Larkin: In the same way, we can
literally just add a specific plugin.
So we have a plugin called I'm just
gonna make sure we have the order
right on the name, I always mix it up.
So it's under web pack contrib also,
so web pack contrib flash
web compression web pack plugin
>> Sean Larkin: Yes,
I love it when I get it right.
Let's just look at
the options first before
we,
>> Sean Larkin: Except,
let's just go to the main repo.
So really, it's pretty simple,
it takes any of your assets that you
wanna include, and it compresses them.
So gzip is the default.
If you wanna add Python as a dependency
you can use outfly or something different.
I even think it now supports brotli.
So I think that that's really neat.
But to install it's really simple,
MPMI, decompress your web pack plug in.
So, we can do so.
>> Sean Larkin: I think this is
fine to be in both branches.
So yarn add compression webpack plugin.
>> Sean Larkin: And in the same
way that we just did with analyze,
we can require this in.
So,
>> Sean Larkin: New Compression.
>> Sean Larkin: All right, so
let's run it and see what happens.
yarn prod compress.
>> Sean Larkin: Awesome.
Let's take it a step further.
This is what I think is great.
What if we did env.presets here and
said Analyze.
>> Sean Larkin: So now, you can get both.
You could freely swap in and
out whatever you wanted to.
If you wanted to be like,
if you really take performance seriously.
I've seen this method and
I wanna create a service around this.
But allows you to have an AV
testing environment for different
types of methodology, different ways
of bundling your application, and
switching on these different
presets in combination.
By now you can see all these are super
tiny, we're getting really small.
And I think even would give us
the GZIP if where's that bar,
I always miss it on here,
>> Sean Larkin: Where is it?
Yeah, but it has the GZIP size and
everything.
Or if we looked in our terminal
feedback we can actually see the,
like bundle was the only
thing that got G-zipped.
Because it's up to a certain threshold
where it's even efficient to compress.
And then it just handles it for you.
You can upload that to whatever server.
Web Pack Dev Server handles
that through Express.
Are there any questions so
far about these plugins?
Now, each of these have
individual options.
It really just depends on
what your environment is.
Let's say the Outlook team, so
webpack bundle analyzer
>> Sean Larkin: The Outlook
web app team at Microsoft,
what they do, I think it's really cool.
Is that you can take, if you set
the analyzer mode property to static,
what this does is it generates all
the static assets to visualize.
And then they actually serve
it up on a separate port for
every production build that they do.
So, at any time they notice
we've regressed in performance.
For any build they can
just go to like colon,
whatever port forward slash analyze,
and it's there for that build.
And so, they just redeploy it every
time as a part of their build.
I think that's super cool
like cuz then you can really
it's kind of a pain sometimes
if you're trying to,
if somebody's like well why is there so
much bloat here?
If you think about the dev workflow
without something like a preset system,
it's like okay can you
just spin this up locally?
And they're like, okay, hold on let me
grab my environment production build,
also add the bundle analyzer,
they might not have by default.
So I really like the fact that
it's just served up alongside
in a separate domain or
a separate port URL.
You can have it auto open the analyzer,
which it's been doing.
You could even generate the stats file
aside from it, change your log levels,
all sorts of stuff.
The maintainer here who originally
authored this just did an incredible job.
And now we're fortunate enough for
him to be able to allow us to have it
under our organization and
he helps contribute to it still.
As you can see it's in alpha
right now with some new features.